Godsend
I believe you now.
I know wrong
I used to be so stupid that I didn't cherish you.
I know. Repentance?
Chu Ruoxi
Do you have any requirements?
No, just a little bit.
Can you make me the president of the society?
From now on, I will be the social president of the university
You are the whole dreamer, the two of us are
Is your brain flooded?
Do you think you deserve me now?
Ah Ye Tianci
Do you think I'm not good enough for you?
Wild man whistle, right?
Exactly.
Like you think you're a high-ranking female president
You don't like me as a little security guard
Ye Tianci, do you have a conscience?
I'm your bad wife
I was also your bad husband in the southern border
But how did you spoil me?
You said you were going to soar
My child and I are obstacles for you
For those without a heart
What conscience are you talking to me about?